Updated author list and contribution statement, added consortium (#177)
scipy/scipy-articles: scipy-1.0/paper.tex

\bibliography{references}

\section*{Acknowledgements}

We thank everyone who has contributed to SciPy 1.0, from those who have posted one comment about an issue through those who have made several small patches and beyond!

\section*{Author Contributions Statement}

> P.V. is SciPy's Benevolent Dictator for Life, R.G. is the Chair of the SciPy Steering Council, and together they have led the development of SciPy for over 10 years. T.E.O., E.J., and P.P. created SciPy. T.J.R. and M.H. composed the manuscript with input from others. Other named authors are SciPy Core Developers. All authors have contributed significant code, documentation, and/or expertise to the SciPy project. All authors reviewed the manuscript.

Reviewer: I would also change the contribution statement to mark Core Dev and Paper contributors similarly to first version from @mdhaber 
```suggestion
P.V. is SciPy's Benevolent Dictator for Life, R.G. is the Chair of the SciPy Steering Council, and together they have led the development of SciPy for over 10 years. T.E.O., E.J., and P.P. created SciPy. T.J.R. and M.H. composed the manuscript with input from authors indicated with $\ddagger$. Authors indicated with $\dagger$ are SciPy Core Developers. All authors have contributed significant code, documentation, and/or expertise to the SciPy project. All authors reviewed the manuscript.
```

%financial interests statement} on behalf of all authors of the paper. This
%statement must be included in the submitted article file.

\section*{Consortium}

> \subsection*{SciPy Contributors}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\subsection*{SciPy 1.0 Contributors}
```
I think this may deserve some words on who was offered to be listed here.

Author: We say in the author contribution statement what author contributions were. Can you suggest an amendment?
